Hello and welcome to this Samsung Knox training video on Getting started with the Knox Admin portal.
In this video, we'll explain what the Knox Admin Portal is and give you a short tour,
as well as demonstrate how to manage licenses, roles, and administrators.
So, if you're new to the world of Samsung Knox, and you're excited to start using Knox cloud services,
then this video is for you. Let's get started!
The Knox Admin Portal lets Samsung Knox customers manage
all of their devices and services from a single, integrated web application.
It was designed to provide a "single pane of glass" experience by allowing users to seamlessly
manage different Knox cloud services of their choice without having to ever leave the portal.
Let’s get started by signing in.
Go to samsungknox.com and click Sign in with Samsung Account.
Note that you’ll need a registered and approved Samsung Knox account to use the Knox Admin Portal.
Enter your Samsung account email address and click Next.
Then, type your password and click Sign in.
Once you sign in, you’ll be taken to the Knox Admin Portal dashboard.
If it’s your first time signing in, select the services you’re interested in using.
Let's take a quick look at some of the key features of the Knox Admin Portal.
When you sign in for the first time, you’re taken to the Dashboard.
Here, you can view Knox notifications, device alerts, and any open support tickets.
The Get started pane lists the four basic steps to follow to set up the Knox Admin Portal.
Each step includes a link to the relevant Knox Admin Portal page or admin guide article.
This is a great place to start for brand new users who want to learn about Samsung Knox’s capabilities and features.
From the left navigation pane, you can easily access your Knox cloud services and begin managing your
enterprise devices and licenses with just a few simple clicks.
Using the search bar at the top of the screen,
you can search for existing devices by their exact IMEI or serial number.
Note that this search bar is available from every page in the Knox Admin Portal,
and that changes made to devices from here will affect the device across services.
In the Notifications pane,
you can view important information such as license expiry alerts or new device upload information.
In the Device alerts pane, you can see any device error information which requires admin attention.
New users will see links to learn how to add and enroll devices.
In the Open support tickets pane, you can see any of your active support tickets.
If you don’t have any, you can click Submit a ticket to reach out to Samsung Knox support.
Under Quick links, you can add up links to up to six pages to make them easily accessible from the dashboard.
The Knox Highlights pane showcases new and updated products and features.
Under Active licenses, you can view all of your organization’s active Knox licenses.
If you don’t have any licenses, you can click the link to Get a Knox license key or learn how to purchase licenses.
In the top right corner, you can click the help icon to get access to valuable customer support resources and Knox
admin documentation as well as check the current status and version of your Knox services.
Simply expand the Documentation menu to quickly jump to the release notes,
how-to videos, or admin guides for any of your Knox cloud services.
Also in the top right corner is the account icon,
which you can click to see your account information and open the Knox Admin Portal Settings screen.
Here, you can set your default landing page preference and select
which Knox cloud services you want to see in the navigation pane.
Click Default Landing Page to choose which page you want to see when you first sign in to the Knox Admin Portal.
By default, you'll see the dashboard,
but this can be changed to display the dashboard of your most commonly used service.
Click Show/Hide services if you want to add or remove services in the Knox Admin Portal.
Select the services you want to add or remove, then click Confirm.
Note that you won’t be able to access hidden services,
but your data will be saved and you can always choose to show the service again in the future.
As a sub-admin, you can only select or unselect services that you have been invited to.
Any services you add will appear in the left navigation menu.
Click Email Preferences to choose which emails you want to receive from the
Knox Admin Portal as well as each of your Knox services.
Let’s get into some of the key features of the Knox Admin Portal.
First, we’ll walk through how to manage licenses.
The Knox Admin Portal offers a consolidated Licenses page
that shows all of your Knox Cloud Service license keys on one page.
To get to the Licenses page, click Licenses in the navigation pane.
All of your company’s licenses are visible in the Licenses table.
By default, brand new users will see a Knox Suite trial license auto-generated
You can sort licenses by their name and number of seats
as well as filter licenses by their type and status.
You can also search for licenses by their name or their license key.
To add a new license, click Actions.
If you don’t have an existing license key, click Get a license.
If you’re just planning on doing some development or testing using your license key,
you can generate a free trial license that’s valid for 3 months and can support up to 30 devices.
Select the type of trial license you need, then click Generate trial license.
If you need a commercial license,
click Find reseller to open a list of Knox resellers in your
region who you can purchase a commercial license from.
If you are an Enterprise Edition customer, click Generate Knox Suite license
to open the Enterprise Edition license dashboard.
Here, you can manage Enterprise Edition license keys
and view how many devices are associated with each license.
Make sure your reseller has uploaded your Enterprise
Edition devices to your account beforehand
Once you’ve purchased a commercial license key from your reseller,
you can enter the license key in the Knox Admin Portal to apply it to your account.
Just click Enter license key,
then enter a license name and a valid license key.
If you've obtained a new Knox license with additional seats, you may want to replace your existing license with it.
This feature is only available for Knox Suite, Knox Manage, Knox E-FOTA,
Knox Configure, and Knox Asset Intelligence licenses.
First, select the license you want to replace, then click Replace license.
On the Select license screen, you can see a list of active licenses available for replacement.
Select one to replace your current one with, then click Done.
If you’re using Samsung Care+ for Business, you can assign devices to your license by clicking Assign a license.
The Knox Admin Portal also offers a consolidated Administrators & Roles page
that allows you to create and manage administrators and roles for all of your Knox cloud services.
Let’s start by going over Roles.
Roles allow you to define custom permissions for admins,
for individual services, or for all of your Knox cloud services.
You can sort roles by name or filter them by service,
as well as search for roles by name using the search bar.
To create a custom role, clickCREATE ROLE.
Next, choose a Knox service for the role and give the role a name and optional description.
Depending on which service you’ve selected,
you’ll be able to choose from various permissions that the role will grant.
When you're finished, clickSAVEto create the role.
Next, let’s take a look at administrators.
All of your company’s Knox Cloud administrators can be viewed on the Administrators tab.
Administrators can be filtered by their role for each service.
You can also search for administrators by name or email address.
If you want to invite a new admin, click Invite administrator.
Next, enter the administrator’s first and last name and email address.
Finally, select the services you want them to have access to, and for each service, select a role.
If there aren’t any roles available for that service, click Create a role to make one.
Once you select a role, you can view its permissions in detail by clicking View Role Details.
When you’re done, click Invite.
An invitation will be sent to the administrator’s email address.
This concludes our video on Getting started with the Knox Admin Portal.
As a brand new customer, you're now ready to set up your own portal and start using Samsung Knox today!
For more information and tutorials as well as help at any time,
please visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.